### git subfolder clone
- [src](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/600079/how-do-i-clone-a-subdirectory-only-of-a-git-repository)
- sparse checkout
### ML
- autoencoder
- encode & decode
- denoising. 
- notch filter
- unsupervised
- VAE:
    - n sig , n mu
    - gauss dist which fits the data
    - encoding uses eps.(another input)
    - decoder: deterministic
    - VAE & GAN
    - constraints on latent space
        - 
### pytorch
- any window, when stride is 4, downsampled to 4
- padding: center pixel is right edge of the image
    - 7: -> padding 3
  
#### on udacity
Formula: Number of Parameters in a Convolutional Layer

The number of parameters in a convolutional layer depends on the supplied values of filters/out_channels, kernel_size, and input_shape. Let's define a few variables:

    K - the number of filters in the convolutional layer
    F - the height and width of the convolutional filters
    D_in - the depth of the previous layer

Notice that K = out_channels, and F = kernel_size. Likewise, D_in is the last value in the input_shape tuple, typically 1 or 3 (RGB and grayscale, respectively).

Since there are F*F*D_in weights per filter, and the convolutional layer is composed of K filters, the total number of weights in the convolutional layer is K*F*F*D_in. Since there is one bias term per filter, the convolutional layer has K biases. Thus, the number of parameters in the convolutional layer is given by K*F*F*D_in + K.
Formula: Shape of a Convolutional Layer

The shape of a convolutional layer depends on the supplied values of kernel_size, input_shape, padding, and stride. Let's define a few variables:

    K - the number of filters in the convolutional layer
    F - the height and width of the convolutional filters
    S - the stride of the convolution
    P - the padding
    W_in - the width/height (square) of the previous layer

Notice that K = out_channels, F = kernel_size, and S = stride. Likewise, W_in is the first and second value of the input_shape tuple.

The depth of the convolutional layer will always equal the number of filters K.

The spatial dimensions of a convolutional layer can be calculates as: (W_in−F+2P)/S+1